---
title: "Life So Far, Or Maybe an Introduction"
date: 2024-06-23
---

I'd love to start with a "welcome back" as I used to, but what would I welcoming you back to? And who would I be welcoming back? In many ways, this is entirely a fresh start for me. My original blog (which is still [up]([url](https://wowallstreet.blogspot.com/)), by the way) hasn't been updated in three years. balanselva.com, my child for the past two years of my life, is hidden somewhere in the annals of WordPress customer support. If I had to guess, it will be revived a few years down the line when I'm staring my graduation thesis down looking for some way to procrastinate that feels vaguely productive. The point is, it's gone and I have no plan to restart the website in that iteration in the near future. So what remains? This, I suppose. I can't believe I'm employing Github for this, but it makes me feel like I'm programming something, and I guess that is worth something at the end of day.

I'd like this to be something of an introduction, for the vast majority of people that haven't read anything I wrote (which, to be honest, is most people I know). And even for people that did read my old blog, I've changed a lot since I stopped posting on there, so a re-introduction is probably for the best. 

If you asked me who I was last year, I'd probably mention a few things: heavy metal, reading/writing, economics (and labor), perhaps Japanese. My last website was full of these things - I wrote about the books I read, about my pro-union views, Slayer albums, and posted song translations, mostly J-pop lyrics back into English (the easiest variety of translation, by the way). When I gobt close to dropping the blog, I was getting pretty introspective - writing about my path through high school and so on, mostly in favor of the usual vaguely social-science-y things I wrote in the past. I'm not sure what I will be writing about, especially if I continue writing these past today, but I'd like to think I've acquired the ability to write about the things I'm interested with at least some degree of introspection.

This morning I was asked, probably for the twentieth time this month, to talk about myself*. This always presents me with a dilemma: how pretentious can I be without completely alienating whoever I'm talking to? That was a joke. I think. However, it does present me with a decent chance to take stock of myself and present it in a concise manner. So, naturally, I started talking about the sports I like playing, what I'm studying (Philosophy, Politics, and Economics), and my culture^. There's a lot more I have to say, but for a surface level conversation, a discussion confined to this points serves me perfectly well. Here are some life updates, as a quick look into how I've changed since my last introduction was available online. In terms of music, while I still have my electric guitar, I don't play it very often, and I listen to David Bowie (thanks Kai) and Japanese rap (thanks Togo) now alongside heavy metal. I stopped writing and swore off reading fantasy (for the most part) to embrace my inner literary elitist. I spend a part of most days with a volleyball in my hand now, and while I'm not as passionate about Japanese as I once was, I'm still fairly connected to that sphere.






*Shout out to the glorious practice of networking. I don't know where I'd be without it, truly.

^I've got more to say about that last point - maybe an entire post on how I feel perhaps more connected to my culture _after_ leaving my ethnic enclave - but that will have to wait for later.
